bother his writing number 2 for the
roasted indoors without saying no
you did is that you did not learn the grill
because you do not have because you could not because
I saw these impressive
this is a probable strip are to do
questions
Today there are fashionable iron there are
good pottery I do this there are
individual as is or in the
three big in the same way you can
make an individual complaint look
that cut it out like that, that's clear
would be for the individual service a
whole provoleta agrees with what
that says well here I'm going to do it
so we cut
cubes and look at how long it takes
you think he's going to cook these four
minutes in your oven we will place the
cheese
So that for provoletas and here
is where you can basically put
different products that you like
I was to enjoy some good
provoletas we can do well
this is this is a solution this is a
easy solution so that the
provoleta you get it right because any
we long for going to the grill
neighborhood couple
they approach wherever we bring a
progressive and bring it crispy up
but not totally melted down on the
ball grill sat at home and the one that
you put it on the grill and they're
dealing with the brand there if everything goes to
down did not get to worship good there
It depends on the cheese a lot of quality
of the cheese and something to help is to pass the
provoleta previously by flour the
Lambeau puts it in a bowl with flour
provoleta just wet flour you will
Stick to the flour and go to the grill
then the flour that it makes prevents
fall makes a layer on the outside and
allows that layer to hold on
strength of the melted cheese you want
that is not then as soon as the
you turn around and there in the second round
quickly pum pum pum do not turn it around
in the jump you take the golden part was
the first one is up, you take it out
and you take it and the game has to
be a fire that you put your hand
up and hold up to 8 before
Mars
there I started to burn the irradiation
of the fire this is how a grill is
the same me with these in the pardilla
waters and I do not even put them in the
grill look how the provoletas them
like
and ground oregano for example
jerry
put each one more or less what more
He liked me
another option are slices of
good is that there is variety then here
for all tastes a little here
no no no no
go for a little bit of ground chili
oregano to this one
Well, the secret is good, look at the
secret is well I have the fire can be
the burner with open fire closed
this but three-quarters of its power
this is the same for everyone if you have the
flames and high three quarters of the flames
If it's electric, you have ten points.
then put seven and so
successively he grabbed the provoleta and the
placed here
I want you to see this, let's do
one thing are the ones that we go to the case of
that did not touch it the good thing is we do not touch it
and there it goes cooking carefully now with
cheese mostly with yes that not the
material was iron that starts to
warm up and something important is going to be like that
they will not miss kidneys will not miss
the roast and they will not miss the pumpkins